YNU-864: Native TS SDK pages polish + terminology (#153)
layer-3/docs: docs/nitrolite/build/sdk/migration-guide.md

# Migration Guide

> If you are coming from an earlier version of VirtualApp, first choose the migration surface:

Reviewer: Update here and ensure we don't have "VirtualApp" term throughout docs - it should be Nitrolite.

```suggestion
If you are coming from an earlier version of the Nitrolite protocol, first choose the migration surface:
```

Author: Replaced the VirtualApp wording with Nitrolite wording in [8faac30](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/8faac306cb46f5ee37aa1b297e52c78eefc609c0).

  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="root" label="Root Access (legacy)">

  ```typescript
  const authRequest = {
    address: '0x...',
    session_key: '0x...',

>     application: '<legacy-root-application>', // Legacy special value for root access

Reviewer: The substitution replaces `'clearnode'` with a placeholder without explanation. Developers auditing existing apps won't know whether their current value matches. Add an inline comment: `// The legacy root-access value was 'clearnode'; check your broker docs if you used a custom value.`

Author: Added the inline comment explaining the legacy root-access value in [8faac30](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/8faac306cb46f5ee37aa1b297e52c78eefc609c0).

## 0.3.x Breaking changes

> The 0.3.x release includes breaking changes to the SDK architecture, smart contract interfaces, and Nitronode RPC enhancements listed below.

Reviewer: I think we should NOT have 0.3.0 breaking changes at all for the v1 protocol version. The latest v0.5 migration guide is enough.

Author: Removed the 0.3.x breaking-changes section in [8faac30](https://github.com/layer-3/docs/commit/8faac306cb46f5ee37aa1b297e52c78eefc609c0).
